Added thread safety info to readme, issue#4 (#15)
ipinfo/csharp: README.md

}
```

### Thread Safety

> The SDK is thread safe with default components. Here are some details.
> 
> We are using [HttpClient](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpclient?view=netstandard-2.0) and [MemoryCache](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching.memorycache?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0) in this SDK.
> 
> 1. Regarding the `HttpClient`, our usage of it is thread safe. The thread-safe methods for `HttpClient` can be checked [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpclient?view=netstandard-2.0#thread-safety).
> 
> 2. `MemoryCache` is the default cache being used and is reported to be thread-safe.
> Regarding the custom cache implementation, if one implements their own `ICache`, then thread safety needs to be ensured by that custom implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is thread safe when using default components.

If you decide to replace the cache implementation with your own, you must guarantee thread safety within that library in regards to cache manipulations.
```
